Updated release-guide.md (#2)
samsp-msft/CoreWCF: Documentation/release-guide.md

## Microsoft support

- CoreWCF is a subset of WCF. Support is not intended to provide or assist with missing functionality found during app migration from WCF or in new development.

> - OS Platform support must match the OS platform support for the underlying versions of .NET or .NET Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OS Platform support for Core WCF matches OS platform support for the underlying versions of .NET or .NET Core. For e.g. if Core WCF 1.0 supports .NET 5.0 then Core WCF will support the same OS platforms as .NET 5.0 as long as those underlying OS versions are themselves in support by the OS vendor.  
```

- CoreWCF will major and minor versions. Major versions can take breaking changes, minor versions will not (and we will fix accidental breaks in minor versions).
  - E.g. 1.0 -> 2.0 is a major version update with breaking changes while 2.0 -> 2.1 is a minor update and no intentional breaking changes.
- Major versions will declare what .NET runtime is supported and may drop support for an older .NET runtime that is still in support. 

>   - E.g. CoreWCF 1.0 may support 3.1 and 5.0 while CoreWCF 2.0 may only choose to support 6.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - E.g. CoreWCF 1.0 may support .NET Core 3.1 and .NET 5.0 while CoreWCF 2.0 may only choose to support .NET 6.0.
```

- Minor versions always support the same .NET runtime as the parent major, they do not drop support for a .NET runtime that was supported by the parent major as long as the .NET runtime itself is still in support. 
  - E.g. If CoreWCF  1.0 supported .NET Core 3.1 then Core WCF 1.1 will also support .NET Core 3.1 as long as .NET Core 3.1 remains in support. Core WCF 2.x will follow whatever was declared supported when 2.0 shipped. 
- Minor versions will be supported for 6 months after the successor ships. 

>   - E.g. CoreWCF 1.0 will be supported for 6 months after CoreWCF 1.1 ships. During the overlap both versions would get security fixes, but non-sec fixes would be available only for the latest minor i.e. 1.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - E.g. CoreWCF 1.0 will be supported for 6 months after CoreWCF 1.1 ships. During the overlap the latest minor version i.e. Core WCF 1.1 will get both security and non-security fixes, while Core WCF 1.0 will get security fixes only.
```

- The following packages will be supported:

>   - [CoreWCF.Primitives 1.0.0-preview1](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CoreWCF.Primitives/1.0.0-preview1)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [CoreWCF.Primitives](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CoreWCF.Primitives)
```

>   - [CoreWCF.Http 1.0.0-preview1](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CoreWCF.Http/1.0.0-preview1)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [CoreWCF.Http](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CoreWCF.Http)
```

>   - [CoreWCF.NetTcp 1.0.0-preview1](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CoreWCF.NetTcp/1.0.0-preview1)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [CoreWCF.NetTcp](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CoreWCF.NetTcp)
```

>   - [CoreWCF.WebHttp 1.0.0-preview1](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CoreWCF.WebHttp/1.0.0-preview1)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [CoreWCF.WebHttp](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CoreWCF.WebHttp)
```

>   - [CoreWCF.ConfigurationManager 1.0.0-preview1](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CoreWCF.ConfigurationManager/1.0.0-preview1)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [CoreWCF.ConfigurationManager](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CoreWCF.ConfigurationManager)
```
